packages/directus/README.md, before:

# Directus

The following directory contains the tools to build directus for use on AWS.
We use directus as our CMS and we deploy it to [cms.curarehab.se](https://cms.curarehab.se).

## Deploying to AWS

1. Authenticate
   ```bash
   aws ecr get-login-password --region eu-north-1 | docker login --username AWS --password-stdin 281435485557.dkr.ecr.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com
   ```
2. Build
   ```bash
   docker build -t directus .
   ```
3. Tag
   ```bash
   docker tag directus:latest 281435485557.dkr.ecr.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/directus:latest
   ```
4. Push
   ```bash
   docker push 281435485557.dkr.ecr.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/directus:latest
   ```
5. (optional) Update .env. When running directus it uses environment variables from `directus.env` deployed in a s3 bucket. Any changes
   to the local .env file needs to be pushed to the s3 bucket.
   ```bash
   aws s3 cp .env s3://curarehab.se/directus.env
   ```
6. Deploy (not tested)
   ```bash
    aws ecs update-service --cluster directus-cluster --service sample-app-service --force-new-deployment
   ```

Commit message:

Add files for deploying cms.curarehab.se to local server with https cert
Also add back nginx and certbot services

packages/directus/README.md, after:

# Directus

The following directory contains the tools to build directus for use on our local server and for AWS.
We run directus on our local server, however we can use AWS as a backup in case our local server goes down.

We switch between AWS and our local server by changing the CNAME record for [cms.curarehab.se](https://cms.curarehab.se) at cloudflare.

To deploy to our local server:

0. (optional) Repoint cloudflare CNAME record to our local server
1. Upload config
   ```bash
   scp .env owodunni@gluteus/home/owodunni/.directus/.env
   ```
2. Ssh into server
   ```bash
   ssh owodunni@gluteus
   ```
3. Pull changes
   ```bash
   cd .directus && git pull
   ```
4. Restart docker
   ```bash
   docker compose up -d --build
   ```

The following directory contains the tools to build directus for use on AWS.
We use directus as our CMS and we deploy it to [cms.curarehab.se](https://cms.curarehab.se).

## Deploying to AWS

1. Authenticate
   ```bash
   aws ecr get-login-password --region eu-north-1 | docker login --username AWS --password-stdin 281435485557.dkr.ecr.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com
   ```
2. Build
   ```bash
   docker build -t directus .
   ```
3. Tag
   ```bash
   docker tag directus:latest 281435485557.dkr.ecr.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/directus:latest
   ```
4. Push
   ```bash
   docker push 281435485557.dkr.ecr.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/directus:latest
   ```
5. (optional) Update .env. When running directus it uses environment variables from `directus.env` deployed in a s3 bucket. Any changes
   to the local .env file needs to be pushed to the s3 bucket.
   ```bash
   aws s3 cp .env s3://curarehab.se/directus.env
   ```
6. Deploy (not tested)
   ```bash
    aws ecs update-service --cluster directus-cluster --service sample-app-service --force-new-deployment
   ```
